I am Dr. X, a provider. I have a busy clinic day and want to see which of my patients are enrolled in the Transition study, and what data is on file for them. I log into the Registry and type in the patient's name and date of birth. A page pops up that has the Patient's name and demographic information in front of me, and two buttons to click: "Studies" and "Surveys". I click on "Studies" to get a list and description of all the studies the patient is enrolled in. I click "Surveys" to see which specific surveys this patient has completed. I also really want to know how one of my patient did on their last Transition Scale survey. I click on that survey and can click a button "Print report" to print a report of that survey.

I am Researcher Y, a research coordinator. I want to enroll a new patient in the study. Somewhere there is a button that says "New Patient", and I get a form where I can enter in their basic information, as well as the patient's answers to the surveys I administered. I also will specify when this patient needs a follow-up, in this case it is 6 months. 5.5. months later, I am alerted (via a calendar, email or alert when I log into the Registry) that there is a patient who is due a follow-up in two weeks.

I am Researcher Z, the statistics person getting ready for data analysis. I want to see what my sample size is, so I want to see all of the patients that are in the study. Somewhere there is a button that says "Patient List" and I get to see a table that has the name of the patient, their basic information, a list of studies they are enrolled in and a list of surveys they have completed. I want to be able to download this table into an excel sheet.